fix for multiple users running tests (testStoragePath ownership issue) (#9015)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/victoriametrics/changelog/CHANGELOG.md

## tip

> * BUGFIX: [vmalert-tool](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert-tool/): fix for multiple users access conflicts for tmp test folder. See [#9015](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/9015).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* BUGFIX: [vmalert-tool](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmalert-tool/): fix access conflicts for the temporary test folder when multiple users run tests on the same host. Thanks to @evkuzin for the [pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/9015).
```
